feat: add support for replacing a substring after the first occurrence of a search string (#922)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/string/base/replace-after/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( str, replacement, search[, fromIndex] )

>     Returns the part of a string after a specified substring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replaces the substring after the first occurrence of a specified search string.
```
I am not sure about this.
